A Single Drop of Dew From Dewping.
Ah, I see.
Good job, guys. Let's see each other again soon. Take care.
Eclipseping... Just what are you scheming?
Oh my, the water is all gone.
You're all droopy. You poor thing.
I'll cheer you up. Cheer up, Dew!
Ouch, ouch, my back. This nerve pain just won't go away.
Where does it hurt, Dew? Cheer up, Dew!
Ouch, my back... Huh!?
Haha, heave-ho! This is nothing! Spin around, spin around!
Hold on a little longer. We're almost at the hospital.
Cheer up, Dew!
Huh? Yellow! Are you really okay?
I'm glad they cheered up, Dew.
Where should I spend the night tonight?
It's a flower I've never seen before.
This child, it's dying.
I'll give you strength right away, Dew!
Oh no, Dew!
Phew... Thank you. I survived thanks to you, Dew.
But... not a single drop of dew is left...
I'll gather some dew and come back tomorrow, so please hold on until then, Dew.
Yes, that's exactly it.
Romi! Wake up! You're going to be late, chu!
Ahhhh!!!
I'm completely exhausted. Let's hurry home and lie down.
No! Your book report homework! You've only written one page, chu!
Oh right... Ah... I'm so tired...
It would be nice if Dewping were here at times like this, poni.
Dewping?
There's a Princess of the Flower Kingdom who loves flowers very much, poni.
If you drink the dew she gives, you get so much energy you can practice dancing all night without a problem.
That's exactly what I need right now!
Alright, let's go find Dewping right away!
Even if Dewping is here, it's hard to get it right away, poni. You have to wait all night for the morning dew to form.
That's right. Among them, there's a very special dew, and that is...
It's a Teenieping alarm, chu!
Huh? This is a flower shop?
Let's hurry and go, guys!
What? Why is he so full of energy?
I gathered a lot of dew overnight, Dew.
That child is... the Princess of the Flower Kingdom I mentioned earlier, Dewping, poni.
That man from just now must have drunk the dew Dewping gave him!
Now I can give that friend some dew too, Dew.
Dewping!
You're... the Princess I saw on the train?
The Royal Teeniepings are here too, Dew.
Dewping, come with us.
Then see you later, Dew.
Dewping! Wait a minute!
Why are you chasing me? I don't have time to wait, Dew!
Bonnyping, let's transform first!
Yeah!
Open, Princess Pact!
Confident and bold, Bonnyping time!
Princess of confidence sprouting in the heart, Princess Bonita!
Dewping, stop right there!
Now is not the time for this, Dew!
I have to hurry, Dew.
You waited a long time, didn't you, Dew? Just wait a little bit. I'll make you bloom right away.
Cheer up, Dew!
Huh? Why is it still the same? Dew? Dew!
Could it be... I'm too late, Dew?
Do you want to save that child? Then, give it this. It will surely bloom a beautiful flower.
If I have this... this child too...
Achoo! Achoo!
Over here! Dewping!
Achoo! Don't come closer, Dew! Achoo!
Achoo! Why is my nose tickling, poni?
Over there... Sapp-un!
Why is there so much pollen... Achoo!
Did you do this, Dewping? No, I just... I just wanted to save that child, Dew!
Mwahahaha! Look at that dirty and ridiculous sight. How dare you send such things to my castle? You should suffer once too! Hahahaha!
First... Achoo! Let's get out... Achoo! Out of here, Achoo!
No. If we just leave it, it'll spread beyond the alley. Then the townspeople will be in danger too.
Then, we'll have to first get rid of it.
Wait! No! That child did nothing wrong!
I'll do something about it, Dew. Achoo!
I'll do something about it, Dew. How could you? Please... trust me, the Princess of the Flower Kingdom, just this once, Dew.
I'll trust you. But, you have to be careful.
Dew... Achoo... Achoo...
Healing Dew!
The pollen is too strong, so Graceping's magic is useless too.
The last drop.
If this continues, we'll have to get rid of you. I don't want to do that, Dew. Please... come back.
Dew!
That light is...
It's a success!
Dewping's sincere tears bloomed a real flower!
The dew with the most mysterious power... that is Dewping's tears, poni.
So this is your true form. It's really beautiful, Dew. Dewping, I'm glad I could confirm your beautiful heart.
Will you come with us now?
Okay, Dew!
Piripiri Catchling!
Into the Princess Cube!
Princess Teenieping, Dewping, catch!
The flower in my heart has bloomed brightly too, Dew!
I heard a voice earlier, Dew. That voice said it could save the flower and gave me something. When I gave it to the flower, suddenly...
You heard a voice? Eclipseping...!